In this project, you will deploy an application environment in AWS
and apply methods learned in the course to secure and harden the application and data.
Designing and deploying applications in the cloud with security in mind is critically
important since a breach can have wide ranging and devastating impacts on any business.
You will play the role of a cloud architect for an online store, MomsKitchenTo.u,
and be responsible for ensuring that secret recipes stored
in the cloud are secure and protected from unauthorized access.
The environment will be deployed initially with minimum security controls in place.
You will assess the architecture design and apply and test various security controls.
This project will also give you
additional experience deploying infrastructure as code templates,
and simulating a common breach scenario in
order to appreciate some of the security controls that are covered.